README.md, before:

# vigilant-waddle
## Done
- [x] Work on Displaying things (init Shaders and Buffers) in WebGL2
- [x] Displaying a Pyramid, next thing would be a Camera to look around
- [x] Folder for storing OBJ files added
- [x] Flying Camera
- [x] Generic Mesh object created for storing meshes loaded from obj file.

## Next Up
- Investigate [Obj to JS](https://github.com/chrispalazzolo/objtojs/blob/master/index.js)
	- Started working on my own version
	- Assuming a valid OBJ file is given, fills position, norms, uvs and index for use with VAO
		- No object or group support
			- May add at a future date to handle importing objects that belong together
			- Currently
		- no material support
	- Work on Tangents and Bitangents (for use in future with Normal Mapping)
		- Need to be calculated per face
		- Save VBO Indexing for another time?
		- Use tangentSpace and objloader from here as model
			- https://github.com/opengl-tutorials/ogl/tree/master/common
- Lighting
	- Forward Rendering
	- Deferred Rendering
- Generic Mesh object
	- Currently only handles positions, need to extend to normals and uv (tangents and Bitangents in the future)
	- Currently generates color per triangle; need to implement textures

## Running
```bash
http-server -p 8080
```

Commit message:

See Readme
- Added some objects for testing
- removed unused files

README.md, after:

# vigilant-waddle
## Done
- [x] Work on Displaying things (init Shaders and Buffers) in WebGL2
- [x] Displaying a Pyramid, next thing would be a Camera to look around
- [x] Folder for storing OBJ files added
- [x] Flying Camera
- [x] Generic Mesh object created for storing meshes loaded from obj file.
- [x] Assuming a valid OBJ file is given, fills position, norms, uvs and index for use with VAO

## Next Up
- Investigate [Obj to JS](https://github.com/chrispalazzolo/objtojs/blob/master/index.js)
	- Started working on my own version

	- Work on Tangents and Bitangents (for use in future with Normal Mapping)
		- Need to be calculated per face
		- Save VBO Indexing for another time?
		- Use tangentSpace and objloader from here as model
			- https://github.com/opengl-tutorials/ogl/tree/master/common
- Lighting
	- Forward Rendering
	- Deferred Rendering
- Generic Mesh object
	- Currently only handles positions, need to extend to normals and uv (tangents and Bitangents in the future)
	- Currently generates color per triangle; need to implement textures
- Shaders
	- Consider texture0 as a White Texture
	- Also pass a color and mix them possibly

## Running
```bash
http-server -p 8080
```
